BD-4683 Update the custom HTML in-app messages page (#10114)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/in-app_messages/traditional/customize/html_in-app_messages.md

Changes you make in the HTML automatically render in the preview panel as you type. Any [`brazeBridge` JavaScript](#bridge) methods you use in your HTML won't update user profiles while previewing in the dashboard.

{% alert tip %}

> You can select the magnifying glass icon within the HTML editor to search within your code!

Reviewer: We should use the actual element name instead of describing the icon! It looks like we're missing tooltips in platform. I'll log a UX debt ticket. It's correctly labeled in code though. 
<img width="733" height="64" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c8add724-ee62-4970-9acc-f16105a43923" />

```suggestion
You can select <i class="fa-solid fa-magnifying-glass"></i> **Search** within the HTML editor to search within your code!
```
